# Thief-Game
The Team 2 has successfully completed registering for US Imagine Cup 2015. The screenshots have been attached.  Team Description:  We are Graduate Students majoring in Computer Systems Engineering from the University Of Houston-Central Campus, Houston, Texas. We are a team of FOUR: 1) Adisesha Manchala - Team Lead &amp; Lead Sound Designer      Has a well versed experience in Digital Sound Design. Creates the level introductions and action sounds. 2) Sriram Gorantla - Lead Design Analyzer &amp; Tester      Has professional experience in the field of troubleshooting &amp; Debugging. Resolves the troublemakers in each level of the game. 3) Srikar Palukuru - Lead Animator &amp; Lead Game Designer      Has Exceptional expertise in graphic design and media. Handles the game character and environment design. 4) Gautam Bommagani - Lead Programmer      Has professional expertise in programming and coding. Creates algorithms for the game functionality and the multiplayer schemes.  Game Idea:  Its a game based on Stealth. A thief (player) should collect specific objects in the house in the given time. Thief is keypad controlled. If he goes within the 4-meter radius of alert elements (like a dog), he is caught and game over. Also, there is penalty for picking up wrong items. There are also some trap objects which when taken create game over sequence. For example, an alarm clock, a mobile phone etc., which ring when picked up. There is one more character called Granny who roams around the house at particular intervals . Thief should hide from her site by hiding behind curtains or under the table, whenever she passes by or else he is busted. Every correct object collected gives positive points and increases the time to end the game. If a wrong object is picked, there is a penalty in money. The scoring goes as follows. The items collected by the thief are sold for money. At the end of the game, whoever collects the highest amount of money wins (if multiplayer). For Single mode, all the prescribed items need to be collected by the player (Thief).
